Hey, good morning family, praise the Lord.
Day 51.
I'm so thankful you all join me every day.
Yesterday was kind of different; I did the singing.
I don't usually sing like that for the whole video.
I tried to do something a little different because I thought they need to know how to bring in the presence of the Lord in their own house by playing the old songs.
Y'all, I really believe there's an anointing on the older songs—the old hymns—the stuff that wasn't trying to make a Dove Award or a million-dollar hit; that was just pure worship from the heart.
I believe there's something about those songs when you sing them that ushers in the presence of God in your house.
I think it is vital that we do that on a day-to-day basis.
It's kind of awkward when you're singing in front of a camera to thousands of people and you think, 'Who is this guy?
' I'm not Celine Dion or Luciano Pavarotti or Andrea Bocelli.
Whatever his name is, I just make a joyful noise to the Lord.
I appreciate the people who are kind; the people who are rude—hey, you try it.
It's not easy.
I had some things on my heart today to talk about.
A lot of people were asking about gold and silver.
It's fun because it's a tangible thing whenever you get it; you can hold it in your hand.
But people want to know what it's going to go up to and what's going to happen with it.
When I was praying about gold and silver, I said, 'Lord, what's going to happen with it?
Would you give me advice on that?
' And he said, 'Brandon, gold will...
'—and everything I say here is not financial advice, this is my opinion of what the Lord has told me.
You have to pray and ask the Lord for yourself.
I have to say that as a disclaimer because I am not telling you to invest in or do anything with your finances concerning gold or silver; this is for entertainment purposes only.
He said, 'Brandon, I want to talk to you about gold and silver.
' He said to me, 'One day, son, gold will be an investment that will go to over $10,000 an ounce.
' I said, 'Wow, Lord, that's amazing, but what about silver?
' I said gold was too expensive in the natural right now for me to purchase.
Silver was like $20 or $12 an ounce.
He said, 'You will see silver go up to about $40 an ounce, and then it will crash back down to about $12 an ounce, and at that time it would be a good time to purchase it.
' This was back in 2014 or 2015.
He said it will go up to about $40 and then crash down to about $12.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, it did exactly what he said.
At $12 an ounce, I was looking for those little quarters—1964 and earlier—and looking for dimes because we could afford a couple of dimes.
It stayed down there for a little bit and then gradually started moving back up again.
I think it's like $20 right now, but the Lord told me at that time that there will be a day when silver is $175 an ounce.
He said it will never be what some people selling it and trying to hype it up think it will be, but it will be a stable thing at $175 an ounce at some point in time.
Whenever he talks to me about things like that, sometimes it's 10 or 20 years away.
But it would not fluctuate like crypto does or the stock market; it's kind of steady Eddy.
As you can see, gold doesn't bounce like a rubber ball; it has been steady Eddy and it's gradually increased.
Over the course of the last 20 years, it hasn't been something that you've made millions over like some cryptocurrencies, so it's kind of steady Eddy.
It's for people who don't like taking big risks.
I know that at one point in time, if you are looking for a slight increase, $20 to $175 an ounce is quite a significant turnaround.
I want to tell you all, when I say I pray about it, I do not pray to him about money like that.
We just have casual conversations because it says, 'Seek ye first the kingdom, and all these things will be added unto you.
' I never prostitute the gift like that.
He brings it up whenever he wants to bring it up.
You might say, 'Brandon, I feel like you're off; I feel like it's going to be a lot less,' or 'I feel like the Lord has told me it's going to be at this price.
' That's just what he showed me.
I don't claim to always be right.
I believe you hear the voice of the Lord, and some of you even better.
People have asked, 'Have you heard anything about Shiba Inu or Doge?
' I have not heard anything about those cryptocurrencies up until a couple of weeks ago.
He started bringing names to me and he said, 'I want to talk about Doge,' and I started praying over Doge, but he never told me a price target for that one yet.
I thought it was kind of interesting, but I don't ever press any further than that.
I let him talk when he wants to talk.
I always have my antenna up to listen for his still, small voice.
You have to be in sync and in step with him on a day-to-day basis.
You can't be in sin and in the world and expect God to talk to you about finances.
He has to know he can trust you with when to invest and when not to invest.
If you invest too early, you lose your shirt; if you invest too late, you don't get a part of it.
You have to be right on target, following the voice of the Lord for every single thing you do.
Too late is too late; too early is too early.
Following the voice of the Lord concerning investments means following that peace that passes all understanding, not moving by fads or what people say on the internet concerning gold, silver, or the housing market.
I heard a story about a man who had a friend.
There was a piece of swampy property by a bridge for sale for $3,000.
He asked his friends to go in on it with him—$1,000 each.
The others said, 'No, I don't want that old junk land.
' But one man felt inside of his spirit to do something, though he didn't obey the voice of the Lord concerning what he was supposed to invest in.
That first guy bought it for $3,000.
Four or five years go by, and the man comes back and says, 'Do you remember that old trash land?
The state offered me $3 million for it because they want to put a highway through there.
' He made a million dollars for every thousand he invested.
They missed out on the opportunity because they didn't follow the voice of the Lord.
This is how you practice his presence.
I was driving down 15th Street in Edmond, Oklahoma, near I-35.
They're building all this area up now with a Sam's Club, a Chick-fil-A, a Starbucks, and a Walmart.
There was a piece of property about a mile down, and as I was driving West, the Lord said, 'Do you see that piece of property?
One day that's going to be worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
' I called the real estate agent because I was curious, and they were asking a million dollars for it.
I was just a janitor at the church then; I didn't have the natural means to buy million-dollar land, but I was learning to practice the presence of the Lord.
I watched this over the years and told my wife and kids, 'One day that's going to be worth a lot of money.
' Well, lo and behold, with the Sam's Club and everything growing up around there, that land has houses and shopping centers built all around it.
Sometimes the Lord will tell you things that will take years to develop.
I want you to believe God for big things in your household.
Believe him that he'll talk to you about silver when it's $12 an ounce and know where it's going in the future.
He'll get it to where you can afford it to be able to invest and trust him through the process.
In that process, God will grow you so you'll mature and be able to handle it so the money won't destroy you.
He knows we aren't ready for a million dollars yet; he has to get us from point A to point Z.
He's not going to give you something that's going to cost you your soul.
It's easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.
Be consistent, and the Lord will bless you.
I hope this blessed you today.
People ask me these questions and I want to help as much as I can.
It's a journey.
XRP is one of those things, folks.
I've known about that for years and I've prayed over it.
I don't get hyped up about it; I just pray.
People get worked up over money and it's a god to a lot of people.
If you let God be your God and let money just be a tool he can use through you, he'll get it to you.
He sees the depth of a man's heart to see if he can trust you with it.
I would rather not have anything at all if it cost me my marriage or my children.
Don't be a statistic like a lottery winner.
Father, I thank you for every person here today.
I thank you for the blessings, increase, and multiplication on their lives.
I agree with them today that their finances are increasing.
I thank you that you are the God of more than enough.
I thank you that you anoint their heads with supernatural ideas to get wealth for the glory of God.
Supply all our needs according to your riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
I thank you that whatever they put their hands to will prosper.
Our footsteps are ordered of the Lord.
I take authority over the demonic spirits that try to cause confusion and strife.
We walk in the fruits of the Spirit today and follow the voice of the Good Shepherd.
We want to further the kingdom of God.
We are King's kids.
Thank you for our daily bread.
You are our Jehovah Jireh.
You're no respecter of persons; what you did for one, you'll do for another.
I thank you for those creative ideas right now for new technology—rocket technology, hydro technology—things so far out there that only you could bring them to pass.
We change our thinking about money.
It is a tool to get things done.
We have exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
I thank you, Lord, for healing in these people's bodies.
They are no longer bound by a devil's torment.
Healing flows over their bodies in Jesus' name.
They are delivered from addictions—alcohol, pornography, cigarettes, gambling, drugs—in the name of Jesus.
They are delivered from depression, anxiety, and fear.
They have the mind of Christ.
During this beautiful Christmas season, they are blessed in every area of their life.
I send angels out from the north, south, east, and west to go and bring our finances to us.
We pray for our presidents today.
Picture them in your heart and pray over the leaders of your nation.
If you live in China, pray over Xi Jinping.
I thank you that he is radically born again and no longer bound by false religious spirits.
Bring religious freedom to China.
Let there be a great revival and fire in the underground churches.
I thank you for supernatural abundance over South Korea.
I thank you that their leader repented.
Regarding Damascus and Syria, you said Damascus would be a ruinous heap.
I thank you that you reveal all hidden things and there will be no biological weapons that hurt anyone.
Things are going to escalate in the Middle East toward a peace agreement.
This is making way for the Ezekiel 38 and 39 war.
There will be peace agreements, but then sudden destruction and a great war.
Pray for wisdom for the leaders.
Turkey will become very involved in this, along with Iran and the coalition of Russia for the Gog and Magog war.
It is about hidden nuclear things in Damascus.
There is a suitcase-like device, a very powerful explosive, in Damascus held by a terrorist organization.
Israel will stand strong like a city built on a rock.
As Trump comes in, you'll see a greater alliance.
We pray for the peace of Jerusalem and protection over Benjamin Netanyahu.
I thank you, Lord, for Iraq; we call for them to revalue their currency to bring stabilization.
You will not delay this anymore.
Great acceleration is coming in January, February, and March.
We have liftoff.
What the enemy intended for bad, God is turning for good in your favor.
He's giving us an extension and a window of opportunity.
What will you do with this opportunity?
This is his grace and favor.
It will be a supernatural flow as you stay in step with him, like soldiers marching in step.
As you see the escalation of wars and rumors of wars, choose to walk in peace.
Sit at his feet and come up higher.
There are levels of hearing him.
Don't prophesy at a lower level where things are static; come up to the kingly level.
I was at the throne, and the Lord said, 'Welcome back, Brandon.
' The glory was on me so much I could not speak.
Prophets must prophesy from the place in the glory.
Many people are operating with familiar spirits at lower levels to snare you.
You have to be in the glory.
Let the Holy Spirit bubble out of you and flow in the Holy Ghost.
Let the gifts flow.
Don't be a dam that blocks the water.
Manifestations of my presence will be on you as you yield.
Finances are secondary.
It's like the fragrance of being in him; the finances just come.
Focus on him and come up to the throne of God.
You were made to soar on the wings of eagles.
Don't let religious thinking or denominational barriers stop you.
Forget those barriers and let the Holy Spirit flow.
Stop listening to stinking thinking from preachers who don't know what they're talking about.
They've been to cemetery school—seminary.
That's where they send preachers to die.
Be real with God.
Stop with all this theological, homiletical baloney and get in with him.
Jesus didn't pick the Pharisees; he picked uneducated fishermen and tax collectors who were controlled by the Holy Spirit.
He uses the janitor because he doesn't have to deal with the head knowledge of theological, hermeneutical baloney.
You don't have to be a PhD—a post hole digger.
Follow the Holy Ghost.
Subscribe to this video and click the notification bell.
It really blesses us and helps spread the gospel.
I'm trying to make the videos shorter for you, but the Holy Spirit had things to say.
Receive what you need right now.
The glory is here.
Prince of Peace, troubles vanish, hearts are mended in the presence of the King.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
We'll see you tomorrow for day 52.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.